README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <br />

  <h3>graphql-sse</h3>

  <h6>Zero-dependency, HTTP/1 safe, simple, <a href="PROTOCOL.md">GraphQL over Server-Sent Events Protocol</a> server and client.</h6>

[![Continuous integration](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-sse/workflows/Continuous%20integration/badge.svg)](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-sse/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Continuous+integration%22) [![graphql-sse](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/graphql-sse.svg?label=graphql-sse&logo=npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/graphql-sse)

<i>Use [WebSockets](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSocket) instead? Check out <b>[graphql-ws](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-ws)</b>!</i>

  <br />
</div>

## [Get started](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/sse/get-started)

Swiftly start with the [get started guide on the website](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/sse/get-started).

## [Recipes](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/sse/recipes)

Short and concise code snippets for starting with common use-cases. [Available on the website.](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/sse/recipes)

</details>

## [Documentation](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/sse/docs)

Check the [website docs folder](website/src/pages/docs) out for [TypeDoc](https://typedoc.org) generated documentation and the [website for the render](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/sse/docs).

## [How does it work?](PROTOCOL.md)

Read about the exact transport intricacies used by the library in the [GraphQL over Server-Sent Events Protocol document](PROTOCOL.md).

## [Want to help?](CONTRIBUTING.md)

File a bug, contribute with code, or improve documentation? Read up on our guidelines for [contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) and drive development with `yarn test --watch` away!

Commit message:

docs: documentation is on the website

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <br />

  <h3>graphql-sse</h3>

  <h6>Zero-dependency, HTTP/1 safe, simple, <a href="PROTOCOL.md">GraphQL over Server-Sent Events Protocol</a> server and client.</h6>

[![Continuous integration](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-sse/workflows/Continuous%20integration/badge.svg)](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-sse/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Continuous+integration%22) [![graphql-sse](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/graphql-sse.svg?label=graphql-sse&logo=npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/graphql-sse)

<i>Use [WebSockets](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSocket) instead? Check out <b>[graphql-ws](https://github.com/enisdenjo/graphql-ws)</b>!</i>

  <br />
</div>

## [Get started](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/sse/get-started)

Swiftly start with the [get started guide on the website](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/sse/get-started).

## [Recipes](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/sse/recipes)

Short and concise code snippets for starting with common use-cases. [Available on the website.](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/sse/recipes)

</details>

## [Documentation](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/sse/docs)

Auto-generated by [TypeDoc](https://typedoc.org) and then [rendered on the website](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/sse/docs).

## [How does it work?](PROTOCOL.md)

Read about the exact transport intricacies used by the library in the [GraphQL over Server-Sent Events Protocol document](PROTOCOL.md).

## [Want to help?](CONTRIBUTING.md)

File a bug, contribute with code, or improve documentation? Read up on our guidelines for [contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) and drive development with `yarn test --watch` away!
